# Week 1

### Truthy or Falsey
Will these expressions evaluate to true or false? Check your work in the console.

* `(false || false || true) && (true && true && false)`
* `(false || false) && (false && false) || (true && false) || (false && true)`

### Truth Table

x  | y   | z   | (x && y) &#124;&#124; z
-----|-----|-----|------------------------
true |true |true |
true |true |false|
true |false|true |
true |false|false|
false|true |true |
false|true |false|
false|false|true |
false|false|false|

### dynamicFizzBuzz

Define a function `dynamicFizzBuzz(max, num1, num2)` that takes three numbers
as arguments and prints to the console every number from 0 to `max` that is
divisible by either `num1` or `num2`, but not both.

### What will this program evaluate to?

```javascript
var rickyBobbyJr = function(num) {
  if (num < -5) {
    return "Bobby";
  } else if (num < 5) {
    return "Ricky";
  } else {
    return "Junior";
  }
};

var makeNum = function(num) {
  return (num * 2) - (num * num);
};

var sayHi = function(n) {
  var x = makeNum(n);
  return "Hey now, " + rickyBobbyJr(x);
}

sayHi(3);
```

### minMaxDifference

Write a function `minMaxDifference(array)` that return the difference between the
largest value and the smallest value in the array. Assume `array` is an array of
numbers.

### dogsAndBones

You have 100 dogs (soo many dogs!). You have arranged all your dogs in a line.
Initially, none of your dogs have any bones. You take 100 rounds walking around
the dogs, always starting at the beginning. Every time you stop at a dog, you
put a bone in it's mouth if it doesn't have one, and you take away a bone if it
has one on (so cruel). The first round, you stop at every dog. The second
round, you only stop at every 2nd dog (#2, #4, #6, #8, etc.). The third round,
you only stop at every 3rd dog (#3, #6, #9, #12, etc.). You continue this
process until the 100th round (i.e. you only visit the 100th dog).

Write a program `dogsAndBones()` that prints which dogs have bones at the end.

### Fibonacci Sequence

The [Fibonacci Sequence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fibonacci#Fibonacci_sequence) begins with __0__ and __1__.
<br>

Write a function which takes a single argument describing the number of Fibonacci numbers to generate:

> ```javascript
genFibs(6); // [0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5]
```

> _Try to spot the pattern before reading Wikipedia's history lesson on Leonardo Bonacci and his famous sequence; but read it either way - it's neat! So neat, people actually get tattoos inspired by it._

### Sort

Sorting a list is a common task. Write a function `mySort(array)` which, given an array of numbers, sorts its elements in ascending order. The function will return `undefined`; it directly modifies its argument.

Do not use `Array.prototype.sort`

> Example:
> ```javascript
var arr = [2, 5, 3, 10, -1];
mySort(arr); // undefined
console.log(arr); // [-1, 2, 3, 5, 10]
```

> _Javascript's built in methods usually return copies, but this function modifies the original; this is known as 'destructive' behavior._
